Source URL: https://housing.ucdavis.edu/dining/latitude-market/

Market
Sign Up Today for
The Davis Dish
Newsletter!
Sign up for the Davis Dish newsletter to learn more about campus events and receive exclusive monthly dining specials.
Sign up here for
The Davis Dish
!
Market
Latitude Market Menu
Hours
Open 5 days a week
Monday–Friday: 10 AM–8 PM
Saturday–Sunday: Closed
Step Into a Food Lover’s Paradise
Aloha, food lovers! Welcome to a taste bud explosion. At Latitude Market, we aren’t your average store. Yes, we have drinks, snacks and goodies with a focus on global brands, but that’s just the beginning. Come on in and try our build-your-own poke bar. Savor our Hawaiian BBQ, or, take it to-go. Refresh yourself with our gelato bar, shaved ice and smoothies. Top it all off with some pastries and grab-and-go sushi.
With fast and exceptional service, we accommodate your busy schedules while giving you an outdoor seating area for those of you who have time to sit. We pride ourselves on ingredients that are high-quality, local and full of flavor. So come and treat yourself. It may just be a break between classes or work, but it will feel like feet in the sand on an island paradise.
General Manager
Gokhan Aksoy
gaaksoy@ucdavis.edu
Gokhan's Bio
Executive Chef
Mathew Reeves
mreeves@ucdavis.edu
Mathew's Bio
Location
Latitude is located at 175 Bioletti Way, north of Tercero Hall Drive and south of Hutchison Drive, and near the Tercero residence halls, Giedt Hall, Surge III, Life Sciences and the Science Lecture Hall.
Enter the Latitude market on the north side of the building and the Latitude restaurant on the south side of the building.
We're Hungry for Feedback
Your feedback matters, and we encourage you to share your valued thoughts with us. Whether you have suggestions, praise, or specific requests, we're all ears! Email us at
diningfeedback@ucdavis.edu
to make your voice heard and help shape the dining choices we offer.
Close
Latitude Market Menu
La Parrilla Platform Takeover
Each dish comes with a choice of beans, rice and vegetables, plus one choice of salsa or pico and crema or escabeche.
Entrana Con Chimichurri — $18.99
Grilled Argentinian skirt steak
Pollo Asado Con LLaua — $16.99
Bolivian grilled chicken with salsa
Camarones A La Parrilla — $17.99
Venezuelan BBQ shrimp
Ensalada De Nopales (Vegan) — $16.99
Mexican grilled cactus with veggies
Grilled Tofu Sofritas (Vegan) — $16.99
Delicious vegan dish
Sides — $2.99
Rice or Beans
Parrillada De Verduras (Grilled Mexican squash and pepper medley)
Casamiento Salvadore (Salvadorian black beans and rice)
Frijoles Rojos (Colombian red beans)
Cilantro Rice
Brown Rice
Escabeche
Sauces
Pico de Gallo
Salsa Verde
Salsa Roja
Salsa Crema
Guacamole — $1.99
A La Carte
Elotes — $6.99 (Grilled Mexican street corn)
Churros — $5.99
Chips and Salsa — $3.99
Hawaiian Plate Lunch
Cooked to Order.
Includes choice of protein, two scoops of white or brown rice, macaroni salad, and grilled pineapple.
Available Daily from 11 AM to 5 PM
Chicken Katsu–$13.99
BBQ Beef–$13.99
BBQ Chicken–$13.99
Coconut Shrimp–$13.99
Teriyaki Tofu–$13.99
Crispy Shrimp–$13.99
Beef Lumpia–$13.99
Fish Filet–$13.99
Daily Specials
Fridays: Fried Fish Filet w/ Tartar Sauce–13.99
Upgrades
Extra Protein–$5
Spam Musubi–$4.85
Poke Bar
Build Your Own
. Includes three add-ons, sauces and seasonings, white rice, brown rice or spring mix, shredded nori, onions, cucumber, jalapeño, and chili threads.
Poke Nachos
. Served on Won Ton Chips instead of rice or salad.
Regular–$13.99
4oz Protein.
Large–$15.99
6 oz protein.
Protein Choices
Tuna, Shrimp (cooked), Chicken (cooked), Marinated Watermelon, Tofu, California Poke,  Calamari Poke
Add-On Choices
Wakame Salad (Seaweed), Kimchi, Diced Cucumber, Red Onion, Edamame, Gobo (Pickled Burdock Root), Kaiware (Daikon Sprout), Shredded Imitation Crab, Jalapeño, Broiled Fish Cake, Micro Cilantro
Sauces
Ponzu, Spicy Ponzu, Creamy Cilantro (GF), Wasabi Soy (GF), Umami Soy Glaze (GF), Cilantro Lime Soy
Seasonings and Toppers
Bubu Arare (Rice Ball Crackers), Furikake (Sesame/Nori Seasoning), Shichimi Togarashi (Japanese 7-Pepper Blend), Black & White Sesame Seeds, Crispy Onions, Crunchy Garlic, Chili Threads, Kizami Nori (Shredded Toasted Seaweed)
Extras
Additional 2oz Protein–$4.99
Add Avocado–$1.99
Additional Add-Ons–$0.99
Shrimp Chips–$2.00/Bag
Spam Musubi–$4.85
Won Ton Chips–$2.00/Bag
Cafe All Day
Menu not yet available. Please check back.
Cold Treats
Gelato
Small Gelato–$3.50
Large Gelato–$4.50
Fruit and Acai Sorbet
Shaved Ice
Custom with 3 Flavors–$3.99/$5.99
Blue bubble gum, blue raspberry, cotton candy, cherry, grape, kiwi strawberry, lemon lime, mango, passion-orange, pina colada, sour mix, tiger's blood, wild watermelon
Rainbow Connection–$4.59/$6.29
Cotton candy, mango, tiger's blood, passion-orange, cherry
Lulu Suprise–$4.59/$6.29
Grape, bubble gum, cotton candy
Island Breeze–$4.59/$6.29
Passion-orange, pina colada, mango, kiwi strawberry
Smoothies
Nutter Butter–$6.99
Chocolate protein, yogurt, peanut butter, banana
Fofana–$6.99
Banana and almond milk, chocolate protein
Berry Blast–$6.99
Acai, OJ, wildberry
Sweet Banana-Berry–$5.95
Corn flakes, milk, banana, strawberry
Acai Smoothie–$6.99
Fresh fruit, acai sorbet, almond milk
Tutti Fruitti–$6.99
Mango, peach, lemonade, berries
Paradie Milkshake–$5.95
Pina colada, peach, mango, ice cream
Fruit Freeze–$4.99
Choice of fruit flavor, lemon and lime sour mix
Mango Fiesta–$6.99
Mango, sour mix, chamoy, tajin
Fresh squeezed orange juice frappe–$5.95
Fresh squeezed orange juice (8 oz)–$3.99
Fruit Smoothie–$5.59
with choice of mixers
Protein Smoothie–$7.95
with choice of mixers
Close
You Belong Here
Student Affairs programs and services are open to all, consistent with state and federal law as well as the University of California’s nondiscrimination policies. Every initiative—whether a student service or community event—is designed to be accessible, inclusive and respectful of all identities. To learn more, visit
UC Nondiscrimination Statement
or
Nondiscrimination Policy Statement for University of California Publications Regarding Student-Related Matters
.
Copyright © The Regents of the University of California, Davis campus, 2007-2026. All Rights Reserved.
Best viewed using modern browsers including: Firefox, Chrome, Safari or Internet Explorer 9+
Privacy and Accessibility
Last Updated
: February 23 2026 01:19:53.
Follow @ucdavishousing
on Instagram
Follow @ucdavisdiningservices
on Instagram
Quick Links
Announcements
Apply for Housing
Calendar
Search
Site Index
Kronos
CA Food Orders
Reaching the Residents
About Us
Contact Us
About
Maps
History
Sustainability
Employment
Webmaster
Our Newsletters
The Aggie Reader
The Davis Dish (Dining Events and Specials)
Sustainability Newsletter
Our Partner Websites
Conference Housing
UC Davis Orientation
Get Legal
Campus Resources
UC Davis Homepage
UC Davis Admissions
University Registrar
Financial Aid
Colleges and Schools
Majors
Athletics
Student Life
Campus Computing